With the development of technology and the change of social life patterns, games of various forms are becoming increasingly present in people's life. What's more, with the rising of the new generation, the age groups of those who love to play games are also expanding. It is quite clear that the gaming industry is gaining more and more momentum with its cultural influence. By contributing myself to this industry, I hope to provide people nowadays with more qualified entertainments.
Before going to university, my understanding on games was lopsided. It was the course of Computer Game Architecture and Design that opened a door to a new world for me. When I started to look at games from the perspective of a designer, I found many neglected yet interesting ideas in games that I previously thought of as mediocre.
It was also the first time that I learned about game design during that course. All my game development road began with that HCD: to fulfill the in-class task, our team targeted tower defense games which were relatively easy to beginners. The highlight of our design was that we innovatively introduced increasing and decreasing liquid temperatures into the game. In order to win the game, players needed to have real time control over the temperature of each tower. Then we had a good discussion about GDD so that we made sure every details to let this dream come true. With great passion for game design and excellent cooperation, our team became the only one that got A+ in the course.
Motivated by this experience, I chose another course for master students¡ªAdvanced Computer Graphics System Design. This course intensified the training on Unity and introduced basic theories of computer graphics.
Later, under teacher's supervision, I got the chance to participate in the developmental project of a billiard game. The task assigned to me was to achieve the automated generation of the panel. My problem was how to design an interesting and challenging table through various arrangements of billiard balls. What I learned from the project was the importance of program architecture. Due to the lack of experience, the architecture I designed was not integrated and the reuse rate of my codes was not high enough. Although I did some optimization and modification later, the final effect was not satisfying. Thus I believed that was exactly where I needed to improve and accumulate more experience in. Even though I did not get an ideal final result, the whole project enriched my experience in the cooperative development of large scale projects.
In my junior year, VR technology started to show its strength. I tried HTC VIVE at that time and the excitement and surprise it brought to me were extremely unforgettable. I was so impressed by it that I chose VR game as the theme of my graduating thesis. Due to the existing technology constraints such as limited resolution and interaction, today¡¯s VR game is not suitable for long-time playing. Considering this point, I finally decided to develop a game focusing more on interactive experience in limited time range--unleash the magic by drawing charms. This project is a novel attempt at VR game interactive methods.
At that time, I needed to tackle two major problems. First was the use of the game engine; second was real time online hand writing recognition in 3D space.
For the first problem, I chose to use Unity at first because I was more familiar with it. Later, I found the buffing effects of Unreal for new developers. After discussing with my partners, we decided to change the game engine from Unity to Unreal. Players who tried our game were all satisfied with its effects. So we were pleased with the decision to change the game engine. 
As for the second problem, we firstly chose to use the methods of Dynamic Time Warping and Smith Waterman. But after trial, we found the effects were not as good as we expected. Later on, we followed our intuitive thoughts and tried to introduce Direction Code to solve this problem. Since the features generated by this method were too simplified, this try led to no result. Finally, through extensive research on relevant papers and materials, we discovered two methods employed by most games: $1 Gesture Recognition and Protractor Gesture Recognition. By repetitive comparisons and the collection of samples, we eventually adopted the method of Protractor Gesture Recognition and achieved an accuracy rate of 96.7% with 800 samples for 6 charms.
One thing we learned from this project was the importance of game testing. Although we already knew different people could have extremely different hand writing styles, we were still surprised at how wildly the differences were during the process of sample collection. It taught us that we could never rely on our personal standards to conjecture the market and its users.
In the same year, I listened to a lecture given by a professor on TANet (Taiwan Academic Network). In that lecture, he shared his experience on teaching programming during rural volunteer work. It was inspiring that it let me see the possibility of using games to make contributions to our society in another way. Children could try to study the design and development of games instead of traditional subjects that they would never use in their life. Therefore, I took part in the activity in support of The Hour of Code organized by SITCON, a Taiwan students' open source group. In this activity, I taught primary school students in Taiwan how to study programming through online gaming and interactions. Among them, many kids were passionate about program learning and online games further increased their interests. But there were also some kids who felt frustrated about the learning process, which inspired me to reflect on how to design interactive games more acceptable to children.
Now I have a solid foundation and understanding in game industry, an in-depth master study in Southern Methodist University will lead me to a higher entrance level of career pursuit. I plan to research on new interactive entertainment technologies, and the features of some excellent game level design. As I know, the Master of Interactive Technology in Digital Game Development in SMU is first graduate video game development programs in the United States, cultivating a lot of competitive alumni who have participated in the development of most popular games such as Assassin Creed, Call of Duty and Skyrim. And some of the faculty also has fruitful experience in renowned companies like Sony.
I have heard that the most excellent student project in SMU can come to attend Game Development Conference, therefore, during my master degree, I will try my best to strive for this chance. I have such passion because my professor comes to GDC almost every year, I know that after my graduation, I have a few chances to meet him. I believe that if he encounters me in GDC, he would be rather proud.
And I will also try to set up a student community just like SITCON and SOSCET as mentioned before. I want to promote the game development culture similar to the ludum Dare. 
After master degree, I will make choices depending on the specific situation at that time. If I want to achieve some specific ideas which requires a deep- research, I may consider a PHD, otherwise I will choose to work directly. I will try my best to enter a big game company, such as blizzard, EA, and Ubisoft. I hope I can take part in a 3A game development and exhibit my work on E3 (The Electronic Entertainment Expo). In the long term, I aspire to offer my own bit Contribution to the benign ecological model for video game industry in China




